feat: MinK GA release (#5704)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/system-accounts.md

The system account can use a {{site.konnect_short_name}} personal access token (PAT) the same way a [regular {{site.konnect_short_name}} user](/konnect/org-management/users/) can. In addition, the system account can be assigned roles directly or inherit the roles of a [team](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/). As such, a PAT created by a system account inherits the roles assigned to the system account.

## Managed system accounts

Managed system accounts are system accounts whose life cycle is managed by {{site.konnect_short_name}} instead of the user. The `konnect_managed: true` flag in the API denotes this type of system account.

> [Mesh Manager](/konnect/mesh-manager/) automatically creates a managed system account that is only used in the zone creation process. This managed system account can't be edited or deleted manually. Instead, it is deleted automatically by {{site.konnect_short_name}} when the zone is deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
[Mesh Manager](/konnect/mesh-manager/) automatically creates a managed system account that is only used to issue a token during the zone creation process. This managed system account can't be edited or deleted manually. Instead, it is deleted automatically by {{site.konnect_short_name}} when the zone is deleted.
```
